---
layout: single
title:  "Top 10 Idol Music you must listen when you are exercising"
categories: Music
tag: [ExerciseMusic, IdolMusic, TopIdolMusicYouMustListenWhenYouAreExercising, WorkoutMusic, TopMusic, MotivationMusic]
toc: false
author_profile: false
---
**Are you looking for the best music to listen to while exercising?**

**Look no further!**

**Here is a list of the top 10 idol music you must listen when you are exercising.**

Exercising can be a great way to stay healthy and fit. But it can also be boring and tedious. Music can help make your exercise routine more enjoyable and help you stay motivated. Here are the top 10 idol music you must listen when you are exercising:

1. **"ANTIFRAGILE" by LE SSERAFIM** - This upbeat song will get your heart rate up and make you want to dance.

2. **"I Need U" by BTS** - This song is perfect for a slow jog or a leisurely walk.

3. **"After LIKE" by IVE** - This song will make you feel like you can take on the world.

4. **"Gee" by Girls' Generation** - This song will make you want to move your body and get your blood pumping.

5. **"Electric Shock" by F(x)** - This song is great for high-intensity interval training.

6. **"Hype Boy" by NewJeans** - This song will make you want to keep going no matter how hard it gets.

7. **"Cheer Up" by TWICE** - This song will make you feel energized and motivated.

8. **"Fire" by BTS** - This song will make you feel like you can do anything.

9. **"I Got A Boy" by Girls' Generation** - This song will make you feel like you can take on any challenge.

10. **"Lion Heart" by Girls' Generation** - This song will make you feel like you can conquer anything.

These songs are sure to get you motivated and make your workout more enjoyable. So put on your headphones and get ready to work out!

#ExerciseMusic #WorkoutMusic #IdolMusic #Top10Music #MotivationMusic
